CREATE DATABASE MC833;

USE MC833;

CREATE TABLE Locadora  (
    titulo varchar(100),
    lancamento YEAR,
    genero varchar(50),
    duracao int,
    sinopse varchar(1000),
    diretor varchar(100),
    elencoPrincipal varchar(100),
    eleconCoadjuvante varchar(100),
    exemplares int,
    id int,
    PRIMARY KEY (id)
);

INSERT INTO Locadora VALUES ("The Shawshank Redemption", "1994", "Drama", "142", "Andy Dufresne is a young and successful banker whose life changes drastically when he is convicted and sentenced to life imprisonment for the murder of his wife and her lover. Set in the 1940s, the film shows how Andy, with the help of his friend Red, the prison entrepreneur, turns out to be a most unconventional prisoner.", "Frank Darabont", "Tim Robbins", "Morgan Freeman", "3", "1");

INSERT INTO Locadora VALUES ("The Godfather", "1972", "Drama", "175", "When the aging head of a famous crime family decides to transfer his position to one of his subalterns, a series of unfortunate events start happening to the family, and a war begins between all the well-known families leading to insolence, deportation, murder and revenge, and ends with the favorable successor being finally chosen.", "Francis Ford Coppola", "Marlon Brando", "Al Pacino", "10", "2");

INSERT INTO Locadora VALUES ("The Godfather: Part II", "1974", "Drama", "200", "The continuing saga of the Corleone crime family tells the story of a young Vito Corleone growing up in Sicily and in 1910s New York; and follows Michael Corleone in the 1950s as he attempts to expand the family business into Las Vegas, Hollywood and Cuba.", "Francis Ford Coppola", "Al Pacino", "Robert Duvall", "5", "3");

INSERT INTO Locadora VALUES ("The Dark Knight", "2008", "Action", "152", "Batman raises the stakes in his war on crime. With the help of Lieutenant Jim Gordon and District Attorney Harvey Dent, Batman sets out to dismantle the remaining criminal organizations that plague the city streets. The partnership proves to be effective, but they soon find themselves prey to a reign of chaos unleashed by a rising criminal mastermind known to the terrified citizens of Gotham as The Joker.", "Christopher Nolan", "Christian Bale", " Heath Ledger", "9", "4");

INSERT INTO Locadora VALUES ("Pulp Fiction", "1994", "Thriller", "154", "Jules Winnfield and Vincent Vega are two hitmen who are out to retrieve a suitcase stolen from their employer, mob boss Marsellus Wallace. Wallace has also asked Vincent to take his wife Mia out a few days later when Wallace himself will be out of town. Butch Coolidge is an aging boxer who is paid by Wallace to lose his next fight. The lives of these seemingly unrelated people are woven together comprising of a series of funny, bizarre and uncalled-for incidents.", "Quentin Tarantino", "John Travolta", "Uma Thurman", "2", "5");

INSERT INTO Locadora
VALUES('Schindlers List', '1993', 'Drama', '195', 'Oskar Schindler is a vainglorious and greedy German businessman who becomes an unlikely humanitarian amid the barbaric Nazi reign when he feels compelled to turn his factory into a refuge for Jews. Based on the true story of Oskar Schindler who managed to save about 1100 Jews from being gassed at the Auschwitz concentration camp, it is a testament for the good in all of us.', 'Steven Spielberg', 'Liam Neeson', 'Ben Kingsley', '3', '6');

INSERT INTO Locadora
VALUES('12 Angry Men', '1957', 'Drama', '96', 'The defense and the prosecution have rested and the jury is filing into the jury room to decide if a young Spanish-American is guilty or innocent of murdering his father. What begins as an open and shut case of murder soon becomes a mini-drama of each of the jurors prejudices and preconceptions about the trial, the accused, and each other. Based on the play, all of the action takes place on the stage of the jury room.', 'Sidney Lumet', 'Martin Balsam', 'John Fiedler', '8', '7');

INSERT INTO Locadora
VALUES('The Good, the Bad and the Ugly', '1966', 'Western', '161', 'Blondie (The Good) is a professional gunslinger who is out trying to earn a few dollars. Angel Eyes (The Bad) is a hit man who always commits to a task and sees it through, as long as he is paid to do so. And Tuco (The Ugly) is a wanted outlaw trying to take care of his own hide. Tuco and Blondie share a partnership together making money off Tucos bounty, but when Blondie unties the partnership, Tuco tries to hunt down Blondie. When Blondie and Tuco come across a horse carriage loaded with dead bodies, they soon learn from the only survivor (Bill Carson) that he and a few other men have buried a stash of gold in a cemetery. Unfortunately Carson dies and Tuco only finds out the name of the cemetery, while Blondie finds out the name on the grave. Now the two must keep each other alive in order to find the gold. Angel Eyes (who had been looking for Bill Carson) discovers that Tuco and Blondie meet with Carson and knows they know the location of the gold. All he needs is for the two to ...', 'Sergio Leone', 'Eli Wallach', 'Clint Eastwood', '4', '8');

INSERT INTO Locadora VALUES('The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King', '2003', 'Adventure', '201', 'While Frodo & Sam continue to approach Mount Doom to destroy the One Ring, unaware of the path Gollum is leading them, the former Fellowship aid Rohan & Gondor in a great battle in the Pelennor Fields, Minas Tirith and the Black Gates as Sauron wages his last war against Middle-Earth.', 'Peter Jackson', 'Elijah Wood', 'Viggo Mortensen', '8', '9');

INSERT INTO Locadora VALUES('Fight Club', '1999', 'Drama', '139', 'A ticking-time-bomb insomniac and a slippery soap salesman channel primal male aggression into a shocking new form of therapy. Their concept catches on, with underground fight clubs forming in every town, until an eccentric gets in the way and ignites an out-of-control spiral toward oblivion.', 'David Fincher', 'Brad Pitt', 'Edward Norton', '9', '10');
